Improve the contribution guidelines for developers (#2171)
kedro-org/kedro: docs/source/contribution/developer_contributor_guidelines.md

## Create a pull request

> Create your pull request with a [descriptive title](#pull-request-title-conventions). Before you submit it, consider the following:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Give your pull request a descriptive title](#pull-request-title-conventions). Before you submit it, consider the following:
```

Reviewer: Can I suggest this link as most descriptive/accessible?

* You should aim for cross-platform compatibility on Windows, macOS and Linux

> * We use [SemVer](https://semver.org/) for versioning

Author: ```suggestion
* We use [Semantic Versioning](https://semver.org/) for versioning
```
When I was borrowing from these contribution guidelines for internal use, I got a recommendation to spell out Semantic Versioning; I think it makes sense?
